h1. App Skellington

h2. wtf

This is basically an app skeleton for CakePHP using RANDOM stuff. Seriously, it ends up nothing like the default bake templates.

h2. how

I don't know, as lots of stuff is still broken - like the Js stuff - but you do have to use this as the skeleton for your app. Be warned if stuff breaks your app randomly. Version control ftw!

h2. credits

Too many to list. I'm on a don't ask, don't tell policy.

h2. roadmap

* *Me:* what do you think?
* *Patrick:* looks good
* *Patrick:* I'm into it
* *Me:* it's almost there, gotta get the edit views working (so that one could comment on something if it is meant to be commented on)
* *Me:* there are other things I want to add too
* *Me:* and once i get it to a beta, im going to make it a hosted app
* *Patrick:* where are you going to host it?  going to charge for it?
* *Patrick:* I thought it was just going to be open soruce
* *Me:* yeah it will be open source
* *Me:* but some people wont want to run php on their rails machines ;)
* *Patrick:* right
* *Me:* also, i have db naming conventions
* *Me:* learning those wouldnt be tough but it doesnt need to occur
* *Me:* my application generator is almost done
* *Me:* i just released 0.1
* *Me:* by almost done i mean workable
* *Me:* 0.2 will enable commenting on records if the database table is setup correctly
* *Patrick:* sick
* *Me:* 0.3 will allow adding images and attachments to records
* *Me:* 0.4 will integrate some minimal Ajax effects
* *Me:* 0.5 will have an online webapp that produces a zip of exactly what you want to have in your app
* *Me:* 0.6 will enable application namespacing
* *Me:* so something like setting the Project model as the namespace means any model with a 'project_id' attribute will require the namespace on certain actions in order to correctly produce data
* *Me:* 0.7 will enable custom permission setting in-app, as opposed to editing a php file
* *Me:* 0.8 will be a caching revamp
* *Patrick:* tons of milestones
* *Me:* 0.9 will introduce niceties, like allowing users to have notifications set etc. on various records and record types (either a Job System or outright emailing would be allowed), and importing data from various providers into certain models (so like a model named "Image" might import from flickr or photobucket)
* *Me:* and the 1.0 will be polish
* *Patrick:* pretty good
* *Patrick:* yo dawg, can I use the app generator to generate an app generator?
* *Me:* 1.0 would probably include suggestions for various models or apps
* *Me:* so app templates (want to rebuild lighthouse? auto-import images from various providers? make an exception handling app like getexceptional?) would be included
* *Me:* It'll probably take the entire summer
* *Me:* but I'm getting there and I have various plans for each stage
* *Me:* gonna start sprint planning sunday and work mon-friday on it
* *Me:* pretty excited for it
* *Patrick:* sounds pretty sick
* *Me:* you rails developers will be so jealous
* *Patrick:* eh
* *Me:* haha
* *Patrick:* I'm not a rails developer
* *Me:* ru-bee
* *Me:* ruh-bee
* *Patrick:* word
